--- 
title: SethMason.com Privacy Policy
txp_id: 8
layout: default
txp_url: /privacy-policy
---
*1. SethMason.com*

SethMason.com respects your right to the privacy of your personal information you provide us on our web site. To that end, any personal information you provide to SethMason.com will be known only to two parties: you and SethMason.com. The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated as you make use of our site and its features. Personal information includes your name and e-mail addresses, click-through activity and any other personal information you may provide here. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.

 

*2. Traffic Data*

(1) Each time a visitor comes to SethMason.com, our server - like most on the Web - collects some basic technical information, including, for example, your domain name (e.g., whether the user has logged on from aol.com or msn.com), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to SethMason.com) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform).

(2) We also count, track and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the site, etc.). To these ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data; but we will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable data.

 

*3. E-mail Alert Feature*

After signing up to receive blog posts by email, users will start receiving an e-mail delivered on a regular basis as new blog posts are made. We collect subscribers' e-mail addresses in order to distribute these blog posts and do not otherwise share them with any other companies or partners. Users can choose to unsubscribe from SethMason.com mailing list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions found in each e-mail.

 

*4. Other Disclosure of Personal Information*

SethMason.com will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except as requested by government or law enforcement authorities.

 

*5. Unsubscribe and data removal policies*

If you would like to unsubscribe from an SethMason.com e-mail list, please follow the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail itself.

 

*6. Other sites*

SethMason.com contains many links to other sites on the web. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Web sites.

If you have any further questions or concerns about our privacy policies and use of personal information, please "contact us":/contact.
