--- 
title: SethMason.com Terms of Use
txp_id: 9
layout: default
txp_url: /terms-of-use/9/terms-of-use
---
*1. Terms*

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use this web site. Any claim relating to SethMason.com's web site shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

*2. Use Licence*

(1) Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on SethMason.com's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a licence, not a transfer of title, and under this licence you may not:

(a) modify or copy the materials;

(b) use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);

(c) remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; and

(d) transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other service.

(2) This licence shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SethMason.com at any time. On terminating your viewing of these materials or on the termination of this licence, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

*3. Disclaimer*

The materials on SethMason.com's web site are provided "as is". SethMason.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and SethMason.com disclaims and negates all other merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, SethMason.com does not warrant or make any representation concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

*4. Limitations*

In no event shall SethMason.com be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption), arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on SethMason.com's web site, even if SethMason.com or an authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

*5. Revisions and Errata*

The materials appearing on SethMason.com's web site could include technical, typographical or photographic errors. SethMason.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its Web site are accurate, complete or current. SethMason.com may make changes to the materials contained on its Web site at any time without notice. SethMason.com does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

*6. Links*

SethMason.com is not responsible for the contents of any web site linked. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SethMason.com. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.

*7. Site Terms of Use Modifications*

SethMason.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms of Use.
